# Gig Economy
#### Don't miss out on tickets to that one-off show that's just been announced by your favourite New-Wave German Industrial Glitchpop duo fresh from the underground. Stop canvassing your mates on WhatsApp and missing out on tickets and make it super-easy to coordinate live events between groups.

## What's The Point of This App?
I'm in several Whatsapp groups that exist with the primary intention of arranging nights out to gigs, festivals and clubs. As a music junky and live music lover I am typically one of the gobby ones in the groups that's constantly spamming about gigs, sending links to playlists to convert the un or ill-informed and then badgering everyone about buying tickets before they sell out. However, as an ADHD-ridden organisational nightmare with a posse of friends that sometimes need aggressive persuasion before they're on board; I'm often left either going to gigs on my own or getting pissed off because things don't come together as neatly as they should (could?)

So, instead of WhatsApp spamming I thought I'd export a list of all of the gigs I'm eyeing up and share them instead. Realising that my friends are even less likely to comb a spreadsheet of copy-pasted gigs on their mobile phones, I decided to instead post it as HTML onto the web. That then snowballed into an absurd spree of procrastinatory development, eventually arriving at *Gig Economy* - a self-hostable platform for groups of friends to propose gigs, including their whereabouts (city and venue) as well as links to music by the artists playing those gigs, with the option for peers to express an interest.